Well, let's just record a little, a little goodbye here, Dax.
So Chris can use it for earlier.
Okay.
Chris will know how to do that.
All right.
See you Dax.
Yep.
So funny to me.
Well, have you seen these these last minute Miami to Vegas flights deals?
It's nuts.
I keep getting advertising for them.
Oh man, it took me a second.
Everybody's going to be there, Dax.
It drives me nuts that you're not going to be there.
Well, you know, I got to always be contrarian.
That is, that is so you.
Even like Kevin Naughton, who just does YouTube, he's not even a streamer.
He's going to be there.
I'm not a streamer.
You're not a streamer.
Well, we're streamers.
We're just taking a break.
Yeah, I just, I wish I wish you were going to be there because it's like, then
I would have my default.
We're just like hanging out and then it's like, yeah, we'll see a bunch of people.
But now it's this pressure of like, don't just be in the hotel room when you could be out.
I tell you, you're going to be the awkward guy at the end of the restaurant table.
Like not being able to talk to anyone.
It's going to be depressing.
You know, wish you didn't go.
And everyone's going to be using all, all like, all like Twitch lingo that you're
not going to understand, you're going to be talking about stuff that you don't get.
I've streamed in the last week.
How about you?
I haven't.
That's why I'm not going.
You're not claiming.
You lost track of your argument.
I did.
So you're definitely not going.
Do I just need to close the door?
Definitely not.
Definitely not going.
I've made that very clear and you need to not be.
You really have.
I've just, I've continued to ignore you and just hope that you've come around.
OK, the Aaron, the replicash, replicash, Aaron, the founder of that, yeah, he's just
admitted to talk to react Miami, which I hope gets accepted because it's a very
interesting topic.
He talks, he's going to talk about what we can learn from video games for like making
these real-time stuff in web.
It's funny because in his point, his video games are always ahead of us in terms of
architecture.
And it's so true.
Like, I've seen this a bunch of times.
In fact, I learned a bunch of distributed system stuff from reading a book on
multiplayer gaming.
And it was actually a really cool book.
It like kind of goes through games I've played like Age of Empires and a few other
things and it talks about like age of empires.
Yeah, it talks about their strategies for how they how they did multiplayer.
Interesting.
And there's a book and there's like a few different generations of them.
Yeah, it's called a multiplayer.
It's very boring title.
It's a multiplayer game programming, just like the most little thing ever.
The first section of it just goes over IP protocol, like just how the internet works.
Like here's like the package shape and here's what goes in it.
And then when it gets wrapped by this other thing, here's what goes in that.
And it's also simple and elegant and like, yeah, anyway, but he's he's giving a talk.
I'm excited to see if he gets accepted because then I'll get to meet him.
So I guess I'd react.
Miami is the only thing I'm going to go to, but it's not going to be 10 minutes away.
You're going to roll out of bed and you're going to like walk across town.
Yeah.
So I guess my thing is if you want to hang out with me, you have to come.
I'm coming.
I'm definitely going to react Miami.
That's going to take my like my slot next year.
When is that here?
Cool.
It's like in May or something.
OK, yeah.
Well, it's not my anniversary, but that's going to take my like conference slot.
I went to render last year.
I'll go to react by me this year, this coming year.
Well, you might not be able to because tickets are limited to everyone listening.
Oh, no.
Wait, is it too late?
No, it's not.
It's not too late, but I want to pretend like it's too late.
Is it open?
Can you book now?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
What have you not been?
You don't even care if I go, do you?
I tweeted a bunch about it.
You're just not on Twitter.
Well, tweeting is not telling me your friend to make sure and get a ticket
so we can hang out at react Miami.
Well, it just hasn't gotten that serious yet.
Like the CPs just went on.
I'm disappointed.
Why don't you submit a talk and you can go up for free.
I'm not going to come at a comp.
What happened?
Wow, the tickets are very affordable.
We think so relatively to other conferences.
Render was like, I want to say it was like $2,000.
Are you serious?
That's insane.
That is crazy.
And they're doing great work.
Good job.
Everyone at Render Atail.
I'm not trying to like that's how much a reinvent cost, right?
It's about 2000.
Yeah, reinvent was like $2,000.
That's so crazy, Amy.
And maybe I did like a premium pack.
I don't know.
I generally spend as much as I can on a thing.
It's just stupid.
OK, but three three.
No, they gave me like bottles for this at the talk.
No, they had some options.
I don't know.
React Miami is for a win the guest list.
OK, whoo, get on this.
You should consider bringing a whole family also.
Oh, yeah, no, I will.
But anytime we can go to South Florida, we're looking for excuses.
Yeah, I can say a couple of days.
And in fact, we're probably coming to Florida
like in the next month or so.
Casey's going to go to a volleyball thing and say Pete again.
Oh, no.
And we were, you know, we just did that beach vacation.
You visited us.
Yeah.
We decided after that vacation, next vacation, we'll do like a
mountainous, somewhere cold and snowy in a cabin with hot cocoa.
That was my idea.
But we're going to do a beach vacation again, because now it's cold here.
So we have to go somewhere warm.
So beach vacations for the rest of my life.
That's basically what's happening.
Your video just did something terrifying.
Oh, really?
OK, well, right now, your video frame, I've got to take a screenshot.
Oh, it went away the moment I tried to first what happened.
And this no one and this is going to care.
But first, an ear started forming on your forehead.
Then once it was fully formed, everything, your face went black, like a demon.
And you're still moving around.
It was the most terrifying thing I've ever seen.
And that was what was happening here.
But oh, I see.
The weird part is the audio.
I can hear you.
I'm looking forward to a world where this never happens, whereas we're never like,
ah, they're frozen.
Are they like, I can't hear you?
I don't think.
Yeah, I don't think it ever happened.
I think there's some kind of like law of physics or something at play, because we've
had teleconferencing for 10 years now.
And it's just always been an issue.
There's always going to be, oh, hang on.
My headphones are connected.
The first like five minutes of every call will forever be, oh, just one sec.
Yeah, I'm just trying to get the thing working because I do this five times a day, but it
just doesn't work ever.
Can you even hear me right now?
You're just staring at me.
No, I can.
I'm just thinking about how like it when the military is like calling each other up, like
are they like, like, uh, like, can you hear me?
It's like, like, oh, yeah, like, no, there's a bomb.
Yeah, you're on mute.
It's like, when it's like that serious, like, is it like when they're like, you know, how
the president watches, deal team six or whatever, oh, yeah, so they're probably not using Google
meets for that.
Probably not.
Yeah.
At least using zoom.
It's definitely not web based.
That's a great point though.
Like, what, what does like critical teleconferencing look like?
There's somebody who's figured this out.
Yeah.
Maybe that the, the wires, like the little physical wire is like a hundred percent dedicated
to this.
Because I'm assuming when stuff like jitters and stuff, it's because it's on like, it's
all public internet stuff with unpredictable load and stuff.
So that's my guess.
Cause yeah, I mean, even so I once had a meeting in New York, I forgot who we were talking.
I think we were talking to a law firm because we were like, needed some like financial regulation
for the company we're working at and it was a super fancy law firm.
And we went up to like this giant, it was just like the two of us.
And it was like a giant like a board board room type situation to meet one other person.
But the fourth person was calling in on a giant TV in front of us.
Yeah.
And I, it was one of those like dedicated like Cisco line things.
And I could not believe it felt like he was in the room with us.
Like something.
Wow.
You pass some threshold and it starts to just feel like they're actually there.
Yeah.
Super low latency, completely clear like, yeah, they're like, this feels good right now,
but there's still something that's off that we can't really perceive.
Yeah.
But yeah, I was like, Dan, that is like some crazy technology that they have there dedicated
network.
Yeah.
He was going to call us from Vegas.
I could see like some of the crazy mountains in the background.
Yeah.
When I worked in like New York finance stuff, they all like these bond trading banks, like
they trade between each other, they all have these direct connections.
Oh, yeah.
The microwave.
That we're talking about?
Oh, what?
No, this was just like this company I worked for.
They did all these direct connect installs.
It's kind of like what Amazon does, but like they run fiber to your bank and you're directly
connected to their platform.
Like that was just like a thing that they did for all the big banks and just blew my mind
to think of people like on the streets digging up concrete, like running fiber lines because
some customer wants to software.
Yeah.
It's just like a few crazy things like that.
So one, like the stock market also has a data center.
You can co-locate stuff in.
So like if you're a high-frequency trader and they fight over like how far away like
it's the length of cable, right?
Yeah.
And there's a crazier one.
This is one I was thinking of.
There is a microwave tower with a line of sight from like Chicago to New York.
I don't know if it's that long of a distance, but there's something that some fun built because
they needed to beam information as fast as possible and that they can't like run a cable
for us.
Like I don't know if it's that crazy.
It might be like whatever, but it was something to do with like when certain reports came
out.
I think it was Chicago because I'm pretty sure that University of Chicago does a bunch
of those like big materials like C bot or you know how it's like the unemployment numbers
are like whatever the big economy numbers are, I didn't think it was Chicago like did
handle a bunch of those and they like beam those as fast as possible to New York so they
can execute trades on them.
Wow.
And that's like worth it.
That's wild.
Whatever seconds that shaves or milliseconds that shaves.
Just the efficiency of those markets is just kind of mind-boggling like how reality just
like becomes like if something happens in the world that affects some company's future,
just how quickly.
Yeah.
That's factor in the markets.
It's just wild.
Yeah.
It is really crazy.
I mean like my dad spent most of his career working.
He never worked on high frequency stuff, but the stuff they do is just so, so complicated
to like figure out like all of these like little tiny inefficiencies and like it can be like
a 0.5% inefficiencies somewhere, but they can blow it up at like a billion dollar scale.
Yeah.
Right.
And as far as to add up to something, it's like yeah, insane.
Yeah.
It's pretty nuts.
Right.
And you're in, you're in the finance world.
Hey, hey.
Personal.
You're gonna build some software.
Yeah.
Quite different.
I just want to build for myself.
I just want to build something that I like.
Build for yourself.
Build something for you.
And then let me use it.
Yeah.
I'll be a beta tester.
Make my life easier too.
That'd be great.
Yeah.
Hopefully.
I know you something and then they tell me to fix it and I feel very motivated to fix
it.
It's a good situation.
Like when I use SST and I send you messages every day.
Yeah.
Things that I want you to do for me.
It's just like things go from you like know about a problem and like you don't really
feel motivated to fix it.
And as soon as someone you like even kind of know tells you that they're running into
it, you like just really want to fix it.
So yeah, it's really nice having that like really tight feedback loop like that.
I feel like such a lazy jerk because I'm not even doing contributions.
I'm just like literally whenever this person submits a PR to SST, I just send it to you.
Please.
Please merge this.
I'm doing nothing in this equation.
I'm not merging it.
I'm not.
You're a lobbyist.
I'm a lobbyist.
Yes.
You have access and you're lobbying.
There you go.
The actual community.
But you also represent.
That's right.
You know, a sizable.
I do.
It all makes sense.
Don't worry.
Wouldn't be happening.
I think other things are so many things I want to talk about.
Well, there was ever cell stuff.
Maybe we should talk about that.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No, I do want to talk about that because I don't understand what happened.
I just saw like two tweets and then could you just explain?
Vercel is bad or something?
Yeah, I think I don't think anything that happened was that serious.
I think I don't think there's anything deep to take away.
But the gist of it was first someone tweeted about how it's very complicated.
But what it looked like was it looked like Vercel released a template to build like a
AI headshot generator app.
And you know, there's like five different indie hackers like have like an AI headshot
generator app.
So they were like, hey, Vercel, what the hell?
Like, why are you just cloning our business and making it so anyone can launch it?
And they are upset by that.
The details of it, though, were like, Vercel didn't make that template.
It was some other company that made it and Vercel did promote it because, you know, it's
a thing that deploys it for so I don't think that that's that egregious.
I also fundamentally don't think it's wrong to do that.
Like if you built a thing that can easily be cloned by a hundred people on Vercel.
Yeah.
And there's already like five other people like trying to build this exact same product.
It's just like, I just don't have and everyone knows this, I don't have a lot of like empathy
for indie hackers.
Yeah.
I'm just like, you just jump on some hype train, then you build a ship of prize in a week.
Like, of course, it's not something super defensive role, like go move on to the next
thing.
That's that's the entire strategy for what you're doing.
And they were like, first upset about that being like, well, why is Vercel doing this?
Okay, to some degree, I get it is like a little weird.
And given their size, maybe they need to like think twice about some of that stuff.
But then that person followed up being like, Oh, I think every post that someone reached
out to them saying like, Oh yeah, like a Vercel employee reached out to me and was like, you
need to change your domain name because it's too similar to one of my projects.
And like we're going to get like lawyers involved if you don't.
So basically this employee of Vercel used a Vercel data to find who this person was to
contact them, and then like kind of like threaten them using it the weight of Vercel, even though
it was a good personal matter, which then of course, like the Vercel team like investigated
and they fired that person.
So that that like blew up because they were like, again, like you're going to have a
Rogan point.
That's a point.
This is going to happen.
The point I made though was this isn't to me, it's more the attitude around it where
I might be reading too far into this, but I've seen this a few times.
I've heard a few stories from people interacting with the Vercel employees, not specifically
not like, not really like the CEO or the CTO.
It's always like someone lowered down at the company where they kind of get like, it's
like a weird like power trip that this person is having where they're like, they think they're
at this like elite company that's like so invincible on the shit, they just like abuse
their power in some way.
I've heard a bunch of stories like this, so this doesn't fit into another thing, like
this person's like, I work at Vercel, who's this person think they are competing with
me.
And I think that's a side effect of a certain culture where, yeah, like their whole vibe
is like we're elite and we're better than you.
So you're eventually going to attract people that are average, but now in this environment
where they're told they're elite and like an average person that environment is probably
going to like start to like overstep what is reasonable.
But I don't like blame them for individual employee doing that, but I do think that's
kind of one of the side effects you get from that culture.
And this very specific thing like harassing someone over a similar name that happened
to us with open necks, like from from like the Vercel leadership, they were like, you
have to change the name of open next, and a few other people have mentioned this type
of thing where like, you know, like they didn't do it in a way where they were like, we're
going to get lawyers involved, they dropped it when we were like kind of resistant to it.
They didn't like push too hard.
Yeah.
But it is this like thing of being like, we, we have some amount of power to put this to
like have this expectation that you would do just do what we say.
Like they asked someone that made like their V zero product, don't make like open V zero.
And they like got the guy to change the name interesting again, not by threatening or anything,
just by saying, yeah, just kind of like oversell, please change your name.
So that type of thing, I think, does like trickle down and people's are acting rogue.
So hey, we're Vercel, we're the empire.
We have red lightsabers.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So that was that drama again, like do I, there's like something that deep to it, I think.
I think what I said is maybe like the deepest thing, but it just like kind of makes me cringe.
You always say the deepest things that I'm just saying it just wasn't the deepest thing
I come up with wasn't that significant.
Yeah.
This wasn't that big.
But I always kind of cringe when I hear it, when I see people being like, Oh, like I'm
never going to use Vercel again, like this is a whatever I'm moving on myself off of it.
Like, if you build something where it's like so trivial for you to move to something else
over like one little thing like this, like, to be honest, like you just don't matter.
Like I just can't imagine you matter to, to herself.
You just don't matter.
I need to think twice.
So how many people were like, he had an indie hacker community to think twice before hosting
on Vercel because like, what if they steal your ideas?
I'm just like, no one wants your ideas, the only people that want your ideas are other
indie hackers because they just do the same thing that you do.
So yeah, it was just funny.
Oh, and the other dynamic, which I also loved.
And it's like a great bit of marketing advice for anyone.
So of course, out of this, there was a bunch of people being like, why isn't there an open
source?
Like an open source way to deploy your next JS sites when AWS come blah, blah, blah.
So for us seeing something like that, what's the first instinct?
The first instinct is to go reply being like, Hey, we're actually doing this, like come
check out SST.
Yeah.
But we didn't do that.
We waited for random people to put, like, point that out.
So we had a bunch of people replying on our behalf in that thread.
So we never had to look like just like some other founder being like, please use our product.
You know, jumping on the opportunity.
There were so many companies in the replies being like, Hey, we do this.
Hey, we do this.
Come back.
None of them actually do.
Like if you like, the reality is it's so hard and we're actually going to put together
a benchmark page so you can deploy a sample and actually as app to any provider that says
they support it.
And you can see all the features that work and what, what don't.
That's a great idea.
Yeah.
It's quite hard.
And nobody really, nobody really covers the full feature set.
You can't, if you're not a source, again, a bunch of people were in there.
The only reply I did have is I replied with our free next to this video, which, but yeah,
so marketing lesson, wait for someone else to make your point for you.
Like you don't, don't jump with the urge to like just make it, even though it's like,
I saw that that thread and it was annoying me that so many people were like, this doesn't
exist.
Why does this?
That's why I'd be like, it does exist.
We've been working on it.
But just wait.
Someone will make the point for you and it's much stronger when it's not coming from the
founder.
I want to go back and see all the replies.
I'm very curious.
Yeah.
I have ideas about what I might find.
I can see me.
Yeah.
Okay.
Your knees are correct.
So can we talk, can we talk about the whole like corporate responsibility thing?
And it just reminded me of the people who are like, have you seen what the, what's the
Walton, is that the Walmart people with the kids have done?
Yeah.
Like never shopping at Walmart again, like, is that, is there like, is there good that
comes out of that?
Like, can we actually make good decisions about where we spend our dollars based on the actions
of corporations or people involved with corporations?
Aren't they all just bad?
This is, I've felt this way for a long time.
They're all just bad.
And like, if you're going to buy things, you're probably going to buy stuff from bad people.
Did you like deal with it?
Yeah, I think it's like, I'm fine with people individually being like, it makes me uneasy
to support XYZ things.
You can recognize that like, you're never going to be internally consistent.
You're going to like, feel uneasy about something and opt out of it while you like support something
maybe even like, objectively worse.
Yeah.
You might have your personal things.
I just hate when people demand it of other people.
I'm like, okay, I get that you feel that way and it's fine.
You can do whatever you want.
Like, don't tell me I'm a bad person because that then draws me into saying like, well,
what about this other stuff that you're doing?
So it's just like a stupid thing and then the other side of it is like, what is the
company?
Is it the CEO?
Is it the CEO feels something that you don't agree with?
But then like, 50% of the company doesn't feel that way.
Yeah, it is.
Like what?
Like, it's weird, right?
Like, what if one person of the company feels the right way and everyone feels the wrong
way?
Like, it's not like a singular entity.
So it's kind of really complex and I'm like, I don't really understand the people's obsession
over that.
I think that's the key for me is like the world is too complex to like feel like you
can make good judgment calls about how you, I mean, that's too blanket statement, I guess.
Like, sure, there are ways you can make a difference by directing your energy and resources
towards things that you care about.
But like, to think that you're going to walk some narrow path that like avoids stopping
on any of your own values, it just seems impossible and like you couldn't untangle everything.
Yeah.
This comes up every once in a while.
There's some big thing that happens.
Some CEO says some dumb thing and everybody's like, if you ever buy from Target again, you
hate babies.
He's like, no, I don't.
But I'm like, Target's right there and I need to get some whatever.
Yeah.
I'm sure a lot of employees like are different and like, what about, there's just something
like second, third, fourth order effects that are so hard to understand like, yeah, if you
genuinely don't support a company and then all the employees lose their job, is that
good?
Is that worth it?
Right.
Yeah.
Then there's all this thing I think about that I absolutely hate is, look, I get being active
in some things that are important, but there's so many examples of it just like doing the
most insane amount of damage you can possibly imagine the thing I always think about was
how anti nuclear, all the environmentalists were back in the 70s, created like an international
fear of nuclear energy got so much shut down and like, look at the situation we're in.
It's like, we're back to coal.
Good thing.
Yeah.
It's just like the people that thought they were doing the most important moral thing,
like create one of the worst situations I could possibly imagine because like, again, there's
like so it's very complicated.
There's like so many.
I told you like my friend that works on all this carbon stuff, it's always like, oh, we
change this thing here and that seems good.
But it actually makes this thing 16 steps over here so bad that like negates that first
thing.
So yeah, I think these like getting this involved in like simple things like that, it's like
it's really, I get it some things you feel bad for your soul, like don't do it if you
feel bad for you, like it's fine, again, it's a very personal thing and you can, I think
for things that I do that are in that category, I can say, I'm not going to do this because
I feel like I feel bad doing it.
Yeah.
It might even be worse for the world that I'm not doing it.
I'm not saying it makes sense.
I'm not saying it's rational.
But for me, like it's taught me to live doing XYZ games, which I think is reasonable, but
I think beyond that I'm just like, I don't get it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I say a lot of things that sound like I think other people are wrong about everything.
I think I'm wrong too, just so everyone knows.
I don't think I'm right about anything either.
Well, I think a lot of stuff you say is actually weirdly, I think it's a majority position,
because I think a lot of stuff you bring up are like reasonable.
It's so basic.
No, I'm not saying they're not important.
I'm saying that the stuff you bring up is kind of reasonable, but reasonable points like
never get brought up, but they feel like the minority.
But if you never bring them up, then they kind of do become effectively the minority.
So this is why you like talking with me because I can make the majority comment and then you
can be different and you can be like, actual, I almost always agree with you.
What do you mean?
That's true.
Yeah.
It's true.
I generally feel like I'm in the true majority.
I don't know if everyone feels this way, but I feel like for most practical day-to-day
life things, I feel like I'm in like the true majority.
I feel like I imagine most people are kind of like not too extreme in any direction and
I feel that way for most things, but you just never hear from that.
That group never represents itself as like a community, you know.
Yeah.
What is the dynamic there?
Because I know I've had this conversation with Casey before, just like most people are
probably more like us than we realize.
And it's just not like the sensational things are much more easy to sell, like in the media
landscape.
Is it the, I just hate talking about the media because you just sound like, I don't know,
it's the media.
Yeah.
I know.
It's the explanation for everything.
The explanation for everything.
Yeah.
But that's the thing.
That is true.
It is true.
And again, you feel we're bringing it up because I do.
Yeah.
They got me.
They figured me out and know how to make me feel self-conscious about talking about
them.
Yeah.
I feel like that whole thing is eroded so much like compared to 10 years ago.
And now I feel like most people are like, at least based, whether they, it's hard to
like really shake it, like whatever is being presented.
But I think at people's core, they understand like they shouldn't trust these things even
if they can't help it.
I think it's very different from, from like 10 years ago where like, and I think now whenever
we see a headline, most people are like looking for the trick of like, what, what's the trick
here?
Like why?
Yeah.
Why could they say that?
Everything is like literal.
I think we've kind of figured out the scheme of, I don't know, I feel that way.
I feel like most people aren't like just assuming every, all that is, face value.
Yeah.
This is kind of tangentially related.
I saw Ken Wheeler tweet, which I know, I love that Ken, like most of his tweets are just
like, I would never want to read them out loud or say them to anyone in person.
Or they're just like pictures of food, but then he'll have like a random tweet that's
like kind of deep or kind of like, huh, and he had this tweet about politicians and how
they're antiquated because we used to need representation.
Yes.
I was thinking about that so much.
Yeah.
Casey and I talk about this a lot of time.
Why can't we just vote on our phone?
Like everyone has a phone.
Can't they just like use the fingerprint or something?
And everyone just votes and we don't have to have the whole like, republic or whatever.
Can we just all like vote on things?
Is that too, is that too much overhead?
Can we, I mean, I was imagining that so, so there's this, there's obviously some spectrum,
there's some spectrum between like direct democracy, vote and everything and like having
a king and we landed somewhere in between.
And his point interesting, he's like, where we landed, at least some portion of why we
landed there was practicality, which is like, you couldn't have information go around the
world in real time.
Yep.
But based off of that, now that that's changed, I guess you would land a little bit more towards
the side of being a little more direct.
I don't think you'd go to the extreme because a one reason to have like a republic is it's
just not things are complicated, like you, we're not going to be voting on like budget
decisions on like, it's like, I don't think we have the context of that, but if we could
at least just vote for our representatives digitally from home with that's like a corruption
problem, right?
Like it is, right?
Yeah, because we know the politicians don't want to make it easier to vote because easier
is to vote, but more than to control it.
How dumb is that?
We got a bunch of people elected and now none of them want to change anything because they
get to be, they get to do their thing up there.
And now it's like, oh, we don't want to make it easy to vote, they'll vote us out.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like just to wait for literal death of these people.
And it's like kind of insane.
Yeah, but then they're just keep, they keep getting replaced.
There's young idiots, there's one from Missouri that I'm well aware of, like that, it's just
a new generation coming up behind them that's going to have the same rules and they play
by the same, whatever.
It just sucks.
Yeah.
I don't know how this stuff gets disrupted.
I have no idea.
Who told me?
Now I got to think of the source because I can't just say this on a recording without
knowing who to attribute it to.
Most I'm trying to remember who said it so I can know if I, if I want to say it out loud
because it said this and I was like, that's kind of nuts sounding, but like, huh.
Somebody said, I'm going to think of it halfway through who told me this.
They said they thought it would have to come from like, like someone like Musk, someone
really powerful in the private industry that could somehow disrupt, how did they say they
would do it?
Like, I don't know if they said just through traditional like buying up lobbies or something.
I don't know.
I do like had some reason that they wanted to see humanity move forward sort of muskying
in the way he talks about like going to Mars for good reasons that like somebody like that
would have to disrupt it because it'll never like they'll never get rid of the filibuster.
They'll never set term limits.
They'll never do anything that makes their life less good just that they're not going
to do it.
So it would have to be like an outside force, like a private outside source, the force that
did it.
Anyway, I thought it was interesting.
I've never heard anybody else say it and the person who said it, oh, I can't think of
who it was.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that is a fantasy we all have because we imagine a benevolent effectively
dictator because what we're saying is a person has a limited power.
Say the day.
But like they're going to use it correctly and they're in history, there have been them,
but was way more common in history is there for people that seem that way and then immediately
just get sucked into the corruption that happens when you have all that power.
Yeah.
So I think it can happen.
It's just like every single dictator that you see today was at one point a charismatic
rebel.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody got into power.
Yeah.
I mean, they talk about this with Fidel and Cuba a lot like like Liz's dad.
It took Liz's dad a while to realize that he was a bad person because he just looks so
fucking cool in the photos.
The good looking guy smoking a cigarette like just in his like like gorilla rebel gear,
just super photogenic, like every guy saw that one was like, that's who I want to be.
Yeah.
But yeah, you know, it doesn't work out.
It doesn't work out.
I did have this thought their day.
Not a while ago.
It may last presidential election.
I forgot what it was, but I looked up like how much a presidential candidate spends on
the campaign.
And both candidates roughly spend the same amount.
It's in the billions.
I think.
Yeah.
But it's not an amount that an individual out there does not have.
So I was kind of like, I mean, there might be laws against all his campaign finance laws,
but hypothetically, yeah, I think I looked up at that time, Mark Zuckerberg's net worth.
And I was like, I divided it by how much a presidential campaign costs every four years.
And I was like, I think he could literally, if he just donated as much money as it needs,
he could pick every single candidate for the rest of his life whoa.
And and the, can you even like guarantee victory if you spend like 20% more than what you're
supposed to, what like they do on average?
That is insane.
I'm assuming there's like laws that make this difficult because you have to like route money
in difficult ways and makes it like super packs.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I know that comes up a lot.
Yeah.
But I'm like, could someone literally say, I'm just going to spend my entire fortune picking
the next 20 presidents of the United States.
Wow.
That's kind of wild.
That could be disruptive in that way.
And I feel like I don't, again, it, besides that being laws against it, I don't know what
would stop that.
Yeah.
I just don't think anyone would really like the thing is you can pick the next 20 presidents
and like nothing can happen just because it's like so good.
Yeah.
It's difficult to do anything.
Uh huh.
So I don't know if anyone would like bet their whole fortune on that because it might not
have any impact.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Would they have more chances of impact if they like bought all of Congress?
Yeah.
There's different ways, I guess.
I don't know what the best.
Oh, maybe all maybe both those branches of government.
Yeah.
Everything.
Okay.
I don't know if you can buy the judges.
Well, maybe.
What do the judges make?
I'm sure they're viable.
Oh, you pay them to retire?
Yeah.
Maybe.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
That's so true.
Like if you offered a judge a billion dollars or a tire, a Supreme Court judge.
Yeah.
Would they not?
And is I know you?
Is it?
It's like you just retiring, you know, like, but he can't ever retire, like, it's just-
Right.
Yeah.
Huh.
That's wild.
Yeah.
That's actually that reverse bribery thing that happens a lot because it's very hard to
prove where you're in a position of power.
You do a bunch of things because you know if you do a bunch of things, you have a cushy
job waiting for you when you leave.
So they don't have to directly pay you to do something, the promise of a future payout.
Yeah.
It's like a consultant and you'll get lots of-
Even like the oil.
Yeah.
A lot of the oil lobby stuff works that way.
They're like the revolving door they talk about, but-
Okay.
This is getting depressing.
Does the world just suck?
What's the takeaway here?
Is it salvageable?
I don't know.
Not takeaway.
I'm actually an optimist.
I think I'm actually an optimist.
But when I have these conversations, I start sounding like a doom and gloomer.
I'm an optimist in that I'm seeing all this and it's all negative and I can't think of
a single positive thing in it.
I just, it doesn't make me feel anything negative about the world.
I just kind of, in my head, I'm like, "Ah, I probably wanted a matter, you know?"
Yeah.
No.
I think that's where I am.
I think it doesn't really affect me.
After we get off this call, I won't think about it again though.
I mean, I hope, like my, it's like a coping thing.
My brain is like, it probably won't matter because I don't want it to matter.
Yeah.
Maybe that's it.
We're just good at coping.
Coat more.
I used to think I wanted to like be in politics.
I was an asset, you feel like you have, you have like this stuff you need on paper.
Oh, I do.
Tell me more.
Strategists.
You know, you're successful in business.
That's like a good check mark.
So you're not like someone trying to be a politician as their career.
You're like, I'm turning it.
Yeah.
After.
Mm-hmm.
Your family is like a good looking family.
Like I think you guys photograph well.
That's an important thing.
It is important.
You look, you look like, you look like, if I like to like imagine a charismatic politician
type, you look like, I think you fit that image.
Okay.
I fit the image of like, I'm going to like, give you money from corrupt places.
Like that's my job on the scenes.
That's funny.
Yeah.
So I can see you doing that.
There was like a period four or five years ago where I was like, Hey, what would it take
to win like the House of Representatives as a local?
No, no, no, like US Congress, well, because this like guy that wins here, it's just like
doofus.
Okay.
And I'm laughing because I'm realizing you're going to take the 12th cert approach to this.
You're like, you know, like hyper fixate on it, and you're just going to be like, how
I got elected to Congress in 90 days.
What would be the fastest way to get elected to Congress from no political background?
It's just like, he's just this, I don't know, but then like, I'd have to win in an area
where if you're not just like, I'll go into the best thing in the world, I will buy all
the guns and give them to everybody.
If you don't just say that and like, yeah, you have to, I don't think you would win in
your area.
I think you would have to move some mouse.
Yeah.
You have to move somewhere else.
I don't, I don't feel like I affiliate with either party.
So it would just feel bad to like run under either banner.
I would just, I would like see myself from the other perspective and hate myself, whichever
side I chose.
Yeah.
And then like running third party makes no sense also.
It's a waste of time.
Like why even, you know, just to say you did it.
Why?
Oh shit.
I have a DM.
Okay.
Never mind.
I have a DMV appointment on Thursday.
I just remember.
Oh no.
I thought it was today.
It sounds awesome.
I haven't pushed my Florida license in Florida.
Yeah.
I pulled over by a cop like a month ago.
I don't know.
It was like, you know, this isn't true.
Like this isn't true.
You just wanted to make sure they just want to make sure people switch their license.
It was like, yeah, I'm like supposed to arrest you and you would spend your weekend in jail
because you didn't switch your license in 30 days because like, yeah, it's technically
arrestable.
But like they're like not going to spend time doing that.
And I can also say like, oh, it's like my wife's car.
She lives here and I'm like traveling back and forth from New York and like it just like
it doesn't make sense.
There's a million excuses.
So if you move to another state and Florida, you have to switch licenses.
The plates.
Yes, we've done that.
But my license is still a New York license.
I just switch it within 30 days of moving to Florida.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
I lived in Florida for six months.
I never switched.
No, I know.
It's like not a priority.
Like you know, you're supposed to do it.
And you're just like, but anyway, this cop was like, what was the last time he got pulled
over?
Oh, so my dad, you know, my dad was a harp scholman.
Oh, yeah.
Like, yeah, yeah.
So like when I got pulled over, sometimes there were special circumstances where I knew
the person, you know, I knew the person I see just like dad's coworkers.
That didn't happen very often.
It did happen a couple of times, like to our family.
And I think it happened once to me.
But the last time I got pulled over, I isn't an adult.
I don't know if I have been pulled over as an adult.
I think I have to remind me Casey one day, okay, the last time I remember getting pulled
over, like I was in the car in the passenger seat, Casey drives, by the way.
She doesn't let me drive.
She just says I'm a bad driver.
She stops and then listen to this story, we stop at a red light and there's a police
car turning left in front of us at the light.
They're also stopped.
It's read for them.
It's read for us.
And she just starts going.
Like we come to a stop and then she just goes, she's thinking about something else and
we just go right in front of this police officer's red light and he's like, I guess I have to
pull you over.
I tell you didn't meet like, that wasn't like malicious, but like, what are you doing?
Last time I remember getting pulled over.
We didn't get to take it or anything.
It was just kind of like, are you, are you mentally capable of driving vehicle?
What's going right in front of a police car like what's going on?
That's really funny.
Yeah.
I guess if it's egregious enough, they can forgive it.
It was just almost funny to him and it was funny to us.
Yeah.
So the strategy that they use and maybe know this from your dad or maybe it's like a Miami
anything, I don't know, but I've seen this in a few places.
When they first pull, you know, how they pull you over, they come to your window, say a
bunch of stuff to you, then go back and then come back again with the results of what's
going to happen to you.
That first step where they come and first pull you over, super mean, really, really,
really mean and like so serious, like barely giving you any information.
Like you have no idea what's going to happen.
So that's what happened.
Yeah.
He made you nervous and he went back took so long, like he took so long in the car and
I was like, yeah, what the hell, like I might just, they like, it's like a warmth in my
arrest or something.
What was going on?
He comes back 100% a different dude, like just like the friendliest guy, he's like,
I turned off my camera.
Like, I'm not supposed to say he's like saying like all this stuff like really, really friendly
and super nice.
And I think that's just a strategy.
They scare the shit out of you.
It's a good cop bad cop, but within the same person and they come back and they're super
nice.
Interesting.
Because at that point, you're just like happy to like be like, accept anything that happens
to you.
You're like, Oh yeah, you know, I deserve to take you like it's like the fact that they're
so nice after making you like sit.
Yeah.
It started as a good cop bad cop psychology.
It's just one person pointed it out this time and I'm like, okay, I think let's see if I'm
like a more immune to it now that I'm like very aware of it, but you look at different
person like he's like accent change, like the way he spoke saying that everything was
completely different.
And it just makes it seem like he's doing me the biggest favor in the world by giving
me this ticket.
Yeah, he got you.
And it's the same right here.
I'm like, Oh, here's another annoying thing as a diligent citizen of Miami.
I got the ticket and later that week I went to go pay it and it wasn't in the system.
I spent like 30 minutes looking everywhere, putting in all the different freaking like
numbers that were on the sheet trying to find it.
Not there.
It turns out there's like a three week delay from it getting into the system.
I'm just like, what is the process where?
Wow.
What is happening for those three?
That's like ACH transfers.
I'm always like two days like what is happening is someone actually physically handing like
pieces of paper to other people in the office?
Like what is happening for two days that my money takes that long to transfer?
I don't understand.
Yeah.
Well, ACH is funny because it's a, have you ever seen the raw format of an ACH transfer?
I had to implement it at some point for some reason, but it's okay.
So you imagine like someone like Jason, right?
You like imagine the format of a Jason blob and it makes sense.
This format is super weird until you realize it was originally meant for a whole punch.
Whole situations.
So like stuff like lines up visually, Oh, it's like tab like fixed column.
Yeah.
And then like leave enough space for the next, it makes no sense when you're just randomly
trying to do it.
But then you realize like, Oh, this is like perfect for a whole punch machine for a whole
punch.
Yeah.
But it's the same protocol, but it's just not.
It's like more digital now.
But yeah.
Yeah.
I know what's happening.
What is up with that delay?
And now I've like forgotten about it.
And I like wonder if I like waited too long.
I'm in trouble now.
So I got to make sure I pay it.
It's happened to me in Portland.
Also, I have like a ticket and ever paid in Portland because I try to pay it and wish people
to pay it.
I'm just not going to go back there.
It's fine.
I did get a ticket in Florida when I was in high school, living in Missouri went to Florida
for vacation and I got a speeding ticket.
I didn't know how fast you're supposed to go and I was going way, way too fast.
Did you pay it?
I thought it was a highway.
And it was like one of those roads.
Yeah.
And I had to go to like an online course.
Oh my God.
I had the high school too.
I got pulled over, got two tickets, five points each was bad on my own streets.
Oh, man, it sounds like a lot of points.
I don't remember the point system, but I remember that being obsessed with that in high school.
Oh, you can get your points removed.
This lawyer is so good.
You can get your points hanging off.
Yeah.
It was down to four.
They were done.
It was going to be like eight or nine point or like maybe 10 points and they drove it to
four then minus two for doing the course, but I had a program on my computer that could
speed up any other program I would.
So instead of a six hour course, it was like a 30 minute course.
And there's something like that where I just like sped, played it like extra fast and
I spent through it.
Us hackers.
We just get all the perks.
I know.
Never have to follow the rules.
But yeah, I got it.
I make sure I pay this because I remember like every, every driving age high school kid
in my school knew like the protocol like, Oh yeah, you have to plead guilty and take
the plea bargain and like there's like all these like the set playbook for like the least
demanded damage for the speeding ticket. So dumb. I also wonder like if like there's a
world where everything's self-driving, does that revenue just go to near zero?
And then how does that work?
It might like break like city's budgets and stuff.
Well, it'll happen over such a long period of time, right?
Like, yeah, yeah, it'll be adjustment, but it is something that.
Are there actual self-driving cars?
Has any, is there actually stuff on the road?
I saw only the other day.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?
Yeah.
I was driving behind it.
Is it Waymo?
Is it Tesla?
Like who, who has stuff on the streets?
This one was Cruz, I think.
They've even heard of it.
Waymo has it and Cruz, I don't Cruz has it too. I mean, I think a bunch of companies
do it.
So it's legal in, in some places, but not everywhere?
I think in Arizona, you can straight up like order a robot taxi. Like there's an app.
Are you serious? Oh, this is way further along than I thought it was.
But it's like an Arizona.
Yeah, like who lives there?
No, it's not like who lives there. It's just like, it's like a flat desert.
It's a city is a proper city, but it's like maybe one of the simplest places I can imagine.
It's like a new city and like a flat desert.
Easy to drive in.
That's like, yeah, versus like New York would be impossible.
Yeah.
Okay.
And Miami also impossible because you cannot predict any other driver on the road here.
That's South Florida.
Naples was like that.
The worst driving I've ever seen.
It's insane.
Everyone thinks they have the worst drivers in their state.
It's here.
I'm telling you, it's, it's here in Florida.
Yeah.
I don't think so, but not Dax.
He knows objectively.
I moved here and I was like, I'm an idiot for ever thinking that anyone was a bad driver
because nobody in the world is a bad driver except for the people that live here by comparison.
I remember backing out of like a grocery store parking space and I'm just backing the car
out at a normal pace that you'd back a vehicle because you don't want to run over a pedestrian,
you know, and there's a person waiting to come into my space at mid backing out.
They're honking at me, like, what am I supposed to do go faster?
Oh, no, the honking is insane.
It's insane.
People just, the people just love to catch you and like tell you that you were going to
sell like.
So it's so annoying.
If you add a red light, okay, and you're the first car, you see it turned green.
If you don't hit the pedal with like the reflexes of an F one driver, the person is
going to honk, like guaranteed every single time.
Have a single light honk.
And there's like pissy, I'm like, yeah, I mean, I haven't seen that anywhere else.
Nobody uses their turn signals here and we're just like flying between planes every time
on the highway.
There's like, okay, the way I describe it is when you imagine danger is driving.
You imagine everyone's going really fast, but in Miami, it's dangerous and everyone's
only going 55 and that should really explain to you how chaotic it must be to like make
people feel unsafe going like below the speed limit.
Yeah.
People just like veering.
I, there's so many grand theft auto type situations that happen in Miami, like there
was a guy driving a Lambo shooting a gun out the roof, like a pistol out the roof just
for fun.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
I mean, they found him and got arrested.
I was, I wasn't an Uber once and I saw some, like a Lamborghini or something like that.
Out of floor it passed us lose control and then just repeatedly slam an SUV over and over
into the side of the barrier till they both stopped.
And I've never really seen a car I saw before.
It really is.
It's on the new video game.
Huge grand theft auto six is going to be announced soon and it's going to be in by
city in Miami and yeah, it's going to be like the stuff that happens in Miami is crazier
than what happens in Miami.
I've seen you tweet some of the like police videos from Miami.
You won't think of the naked guys.
Yeah.
That was really crazy.
Oh my word.
That defies any I expected explanation because he just looks like he just looks like a product
manager at like meta.
Yeah.
He's just naked at the gym punching people like running around the streets like punching
people naked.
Something.
But he didn't look crazy.
He wasn't like talking.
He wasn't saying anything.
He just he looked like just like hitting people naked.
Normal stuff.
I think he was being controlled by like like someone playing a video game like it just
felt like he wasn't saying any word.
He was running around.
It's his start up.
He's got a startup where you can control human beings.
He was testing it out.
I feel like he even did that.
They were just like jumped.
Like someone's like jumped in the air but like for no reason, you know?
I didn't know people could be just naked like that on a Twitter video like that.
I remember when you posted it, I was like, Dax, you know, like, do you know that he's
funny?
You should be saying this out of the photo.
Yes.
I close on, I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of implication is all.
What is that?
I don't know what that means.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
It was drying off of the towel.
But it was like a sexy photo because like we knew you were naked but it was okay.
Here's the thing.
The implication of being naked is more sexual than being naked.
But it wasn't an implication of being naked because I'm very clearly clothed.
Do you have shorts on?
I have like a speedo on.
Okay.
It didn't look like you had any clothes on and you were just like wiping yourself with
towels.
Oh, you didn't think I had anything on?
But even this speedo, Adam, is like the implication of being naked.
No, I just, that's how I get my Simon.
I get it.
But like you get what I mean, right?
The implication of being naked.
I see.
There's like a tension or like a, like a, it's like a secret, you know, there's like.
Okay.
But you really didn't think I had anything on?
That's alarming.
I thought you just had the towel in front of you.
And I was like, Oh geez.
Okay.
Why don't want that?
It's too late.
Just too late.
By the way, for everyone listening that didn't know what we were talking about, Adam posted
a really good, you look great, by the way, really great shirtless picture of himself.
He's in the best shape of his life and you can tell.
It's been, it's been kind of a theme.
I feel like I've done this a few times now.
Is it getting overwhelming too many shirtless photos on the internet?
Just be yourself.
I don't know.
Okay.
You know what?
It honestly does like help with the, you know, like the identity thing with fitness.
Like if you, if you believe you're a fit person and you believe you're like someone who's
very active, that's half the battle in like keeping up good habits.
And something about like public accountability where it's like, people perceive me now as
this fit person just helps bolster that identity even more.
It just makes me want to work out even more.
It's like, it's this cycle that I do quite enjoy.
Maybe that's a blog on Twitter, maybe it's more of an Instagram thing.
No, I think it's fine.
I think it's entirely fine.
And yeah, it's that thing where like if the more you feel like you have to lose by dropping
a habit, like the less likely you're going to drop the habit.
So exactly.
Yeah.
Totally get it.
What, what are you even doing by the way?
Like, what have you been, how have you been working out?
So I got this question a lot after I posted my photo.
So I do like the same stuff I've been doing in terms of weightlifting.
Like I, I do like the main, so squat, deadlift bench.
Yeah.
I do over head press.
Those are the four that I do as well.
Yeah.
So the main lifts, I do a lot of pull ups because it turns out in jiu-jitsu pulling strength
pretty important.
Oh, I see.
You do a lot of pulling more so than pushing.
So I, well, I say that I'm, I'm done at jiu-jitsu.
I don't know anything.
So people who actually know jiu-jitsu can correct me.
I think your current ball neck is the ability to pull.
Yeah.
Currently I feel like being, it's more advantageous to build a pull.
So I do a lot of pull ups.
I put on my way to this and I do pull ups, which I'm slowly building up that ability
to do heavier and heavier pull ups.
What else?
I do, I've got this a rogue bike.
It's like a rogue echo.
It's like one of those full body.
Yeah.
That's so bad.
Man, what is that called?
Attack bike.
Assault bike.
Yeah.
Assault bike I think is actually another company that makes one.
Oh, it's not a type of thing.
It's like a fan.
Yeah.
We have a bunch of those.
It's like your whole body.
It's a cardio experience.
So I got that to cut for my competition.
And that's probably the main thing is like I've been intentionally kind of like trying
to shed all body fat just for like jiu-jitsu purposes.
It's like if I can not carry, if I can have like 195 pounds but just be completely muscle,
that's advantageous over the people who don't really care about fitness and they still do
jiu-jitsu.
Most of the people actually, like in my little gym here in the Ozarks and we got a great
gym.
I love my gym.
It's like people are not really physically fit.
And I found even as a no-stripe white belt just coming in, I can like, I can kind of
like beat all the blue belts who are just out of shape people that work the best.
It lasts longer.
Yeah.
Just physically.
Just like they can't physically like I'm too imposing physically.
Anyway, that's mainly it.
It's like I've shed all the extra weight just eating habits and stuff like that.
So it's not really I changed anything exercise wise.
It was more like eating and just having a thing like jiu-jitsu is the thing for me.
I needed a thing that was like competitive and active and gives me a reason to like,
I want to get better at this and if I can be physically more fit, it'll make me better
at it.
Yeah.
At least theoretically.
I still suck.
I'm terrible.
Just do.
But it's so fun.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
That's the same thing is you like for me, I'm trying to get to certain weights on everything.
I want to flip to just maintaining that because again, it's like that's not yeah.
I actually do like doing all the barbell stuff with those four lifts, but yeah, I have a
lot of nostalgia with it like from football days and all that.
Like I just did high school.
We did a lot.
I've just done them so many times and I'm like very good at doing them now and like yeah,
because at the beginning, they just feel so impossible to like even do the form right
in like it feels weird, but now just feels very natural.
So I like them, but I want to get to a certain point and then which is like, I really like
what Adam Waffen does, the tailwind guy.
Yeah.
He wears the vest.
You told me this.
I think.
Oh, yeah.
So I've been going on walks with Zuko every morning now or the mornings that I don't go
to the gym.
I never thought.
I mean, everyone loves walks.
I never thought I would be someone that would enjoy solo walks, but I've been doing that
a lot more and I've been actually really enjoying it.
When I get stuck on something, I'll just go for a walk for 30 minutes and yeah, I never
get away to vest, but yeah, yeah, it's so hard to talk myself into a walk because it
always feels like so much time investment, but I've never like gone on a walk and be like,
I wish I would never know.
Yeah.
Well, as soon as you're walking, you're like, yeah, yeah.
I mean, everyone's super nice to walk through and all those restaurants so close.
You've told me.
No, I go the other way.
I go.
Oh, yeah.
I don't go to the restaurants.
I go through all the houses, a lot of beautiful, quirky houses with weird, with weird trees
everywhere.
100 year old.
Mango trees that aren't underwater yet.
Oh, yeah.
Mango trees.
Mango trees also.
You know, we have that original mango tree in our neighborhood.
I sent you that.
Wait, you've told me.
Yeah.
You've told me about this.
I don't know if you sent it to me.
Yeah.
So for most of the mangoes that are produced in America, the original mango tree that was
they all grafted off of is still alive and it's in my neighborhood.
That is so wild.
Like what a claim to fame.
I know.
You live in like the mango mecca in America.
Mango central.
Yeah.
I somehow have to pee again.
We've made it two hours.
Nice.
So the point that I have to pee a second time.
So I think it's time to call it.
You didn't drink water, did you?
Between the two?
I did.
I drink this guy and this guy.
All the fluids, I haven't drank water once since I woke up though.
That's a good idea.
You don't have to pee all the time, but I'm dehydrated all the time.
That's a problem.
If the two of us combined, we'd make a pretty good person.
Oh, yeah.
We should.
Let's just figure out how we can do that.
If we could just like line ourselves over extremes.
We need the weaknesses.
Yeah.
Okay.
Got a few.
It's been a marathon.
Look at us.
Two hours.
Easy.
All right.
We'll see you in the next video.
Bye.